Improve milestone automation (#7553)
DataDog/dd-trace-java: .github/workflows/README.md

_Action:_ Create a new milestone by incrementing minor version.

> _Comment:_ Disaled as it is already done when closing a tag. It will be removed after some testing.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Comment:_ Disabled as a comment is already added when closing a tag. This will be removed after some testing.  
```

Author: I don’t get the "comment" part? What about:

> Disabled as also covered by `increment-milestone-on-tag`. This will be removed after some testing.

Reviewer: We add a comment when closing the tag if iiuc

Your suggestion is much better 😄

Author: That’s another automation. This one is supposed to create a new "milestone" when we close one. But we already create such milestone when creating the release tag 🤔 

The comment thing is another automation that posts a comment on milestone issues to let reporters know the fix is released 😉

Reviewer: Ahhhh, my bad. Thanks for improving the docs here!

_Recovery:_ Manually trigger the action again on the relevant tag.

### increment-milestone-on-tag [🔗](increment-milestone-on-tag.yaml)

_Trigger:_ When creating a minor or major version tag.

_Actions:_
* Close the milestone related to the tag,
* Create a new milestone by incrementing minor version.

_Recovery:_ Manually [close the related milestone and create a new one](https://github.com/DataDog/dd-trace-java/milestones).

> _Notes:_ This actions will not apply to release candidate versions using `-RC` tags.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Notes:_ This action will not apply to release candidate versions using `-RC` tags.
```

```bash
find .github/workflows -name "*.yaml" -exec  awk '/uses:/{print $2 ","}' {} \; | grep -vE '^(actions|github)/' | sort | uniq
```

## Testing

> Workflows can be locally testing using the [`act` CLI](https://github.com/nektos/act/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Workflows can be locally tested using the [`act` CLI](https://github.com/nektos/act/).
```

> The `.github/workflows/tests/` folder contains test scripts and event payload to locally trigger workflows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [.github/workflows/tests/](./tests) folder contains test scripts and event payloads to locally trigger workflows.
```

> [!WARNING]

> > Locally running workflows will still query GitHub backend and updates GitHub project accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Locally running workflows will still query GitHub backend and will update the GitHub project accordingly.
```
